Update esp32-tests README (#1779)
toitlang/toit: tests/esp32/README.md

As of 2023-05-30.
Run the tests individually. All test run on board 1, except for the
uart, ultrasound, and wait_for tests. (See their respective files for more info.)

> The adc and espnow test only works if no other program is using WiFi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The adc and espnow tests only work if no other program is using WiFi.
```
